Princess, Chen Bufan's wife doesn't know what door she used
They actually mobilized 500 billion gold bars from the imperial city's vault
Directly bought out this upcoming auction
I also got the Deer God Order
Humph
Must be borrowed
I heard that the empress has a close relationship with the Chen family
I guess it was borrowed from the empress or my father
Certainly.
That's two things one
Hand over the rope entry order
Resume the auction two
Please help your husband up quickly
Immediately kneel down to this palace master
Kneel down immediately
And hand over the Deer God Order
Kneel down and hand over the Deer God Order
Are you deaf?
I advise you not to attempt to challenge my employer's patience
Kneeling is impossible
What about this Deer God Order?
It's also impossible to pay.
You dare not listen to my princess' orders
Are you trying to rebel? You said you were Princess Changle?
I said you are not